README.md, before:

# Xamarin Forms Template

Starting Xamarin.Forms Shell template with UWP support

## Getting Started

1. Create new repo using this repo as a template. See [Generate new repositories with repository templates](https://github.blog/2019-06-06-generate-new-repositories-with-repository-templates/) article.
1. Install the latest version of [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) with the Mobile development with .NET and Universal Windows Platform development workloads.
1. Install the [CodeMaid](http://www.codemaid.net/) extension. The solution folder contains a basic configuration for it.
1. Install the [XAML Styler](https://github.com/Xavalon/XamlStyler) extension. The solution folder contains a configuration developed by [SharpNado](https://www.sharpnado.com/xamarin-forms-xamlstyler-config/) specifically for Xamarin Forms.
1. Install the [Code Cleanup on Save](https://github.com/madskristensen/CodeCleanupOnSave) extension. Setup a clean up profile that has all options applied. Unfortunately at this time, these options can't be stored in a solution.
1. Clone your new repo to your local machine.
1. Complete all the TODO comments.

## Clean Code

To keep things consistent, the project uses the Visual Studio extensions for clean code listed above in Getting Started as well as:

1. [Roslynator](https://github.com/JosefPihrt/Roslynator) - A extended collection of Rosyln analyzers.  It is included as a NuGet package.
1. A starting .editorconfig file with minimal rule changes.

## Core Functionality

- **Guard clauses** are available using the [Ardalis.GuardClauses](https://github.com/ardalis/guardclauses) NuGet package.

## Learning Resources

If you have never programmed in C# before try one of these paths:

- [LaunchCode](https://www.launchcode.org/) offers a complete and free programming course online that is the same version students take.
You can begin with a [Discovery](https://stepik.org/course/4261/promo#toc) course if you have never programmed before, 
move on to the [Intro to Web Development](https://education.launchcode.org/intro-to-professional-web-dev/) which teaches you the basics of programming in JavaScript 
and conclude with the [C# Web Development](https://education.launchcode.org/csharp-web-development/) course. 
While these courses teach web development they also teach you the basics of programming that you will need along the way.
There is even a [Liftoff](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/) course you can follow along with after learning Xamarin Forms to build your own project and practice your skills.

- Xamarin University is no more, but their C# course is still available on YouTube along with exercises on [GitHub](https://github.com/XamarinUniversity).
The C# introduction course lessons are in the [Xamarin C# Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLq-muhRbo9by_BBIHIsH9wsfwO7tc469x) playlist.

- Bob Tabor's ever evolving yet still classic course, [C# Fundamentals for Absolute Beginners](https://channel9.msdn.com/Series/CSharp-Fundamentals-for-Absolute-Beginners), is available on Channel 9.

If you have programmed in C# but are new to Xamarin, try one of these options:

- The Xamarin University course on Xamarin Forms is also still available on YouTube along with exercises on [GitHub](https://github.com/XamarinUniversity).
Those course lessons are in the [Xamarin Forms Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLq-muhRbo9bwTS9bgshpcs90oGYtzdaeT) playlist.

- Microsoft Learn has created a [learning path](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/browse/?expanded=dotnet&products=xamarin&resource_type=learning%20path) for Xamarin Forms.

An ongoing wealth of growing information is also available at [Awesome Xamarin Forms](https://github.com/jsuarezruiz/awesome-xamarin-forms).

Commit message:

Humanizer
Added Humanizer and a sample date value. (#56)

README.md, after:

# Xamarin Forms Template

Starting Xamarin.Forms Shell template with UWP support

## Getting Started

1. Create new repo using this repo as a template. See [Generate new repositories with repository templates](https://github.blog/2019-06-06-generate-new-repositories-with-repository-templates/) article.
1. Install the latest version of [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) with the Mobile development with .NET and Universal Windows Platform development workloads.
1. Install the [CodeMaid](http://www.codemaid.net/) extension. The solution folder contains a basic configuration for it.
1. Install the [XAML Styler](https://github.com/Xavalon/XamlStyler) extension. The solution folder contains a configuration developed by [SharpNado](https://www.sharpnado.com/xamarin-forms-xamlstyler-config/) specifically for Xamarin Forms.
1. Install the [Code Cleanup on Save](https://github.com/madskristensen/CodeCleanupOnSave) extension. Setup a clean up profile that has all options applied. Unfortunately at this time, these options can't be stored in a solution.
1. Clone your new repo to your local machine.
1. Complete all the TODO comments.

## Clean Code

To keep things consistent, the project uses the Visual Studio extensions for clean code listed above in Getting Started as well as:

1. [Roslynator](https://github.com/JosefPihrt/Roslynator) - A extended collection of Rosyln analyzers.  It is included as a NuGet package.
1. A starting .editorconfig file with minimal rule changes.

## Core Functionality

- **Guard clauses** are available using the [Ardalis.GuardClauses](https://github.com/ardalis/guardclauses) NuGet package.
- **Human readable value manipulation** are available with the [Humanizer](https://github.com/Humanizr/Humanizer) NuGet packager.  (Only the English language package is included.)

## Learning Resources

If you have never programmed in C# before try one of these paths:

- [LaunchCode](https://www.launchcode.org/) offers a complete and free programming course online that is the same version students take.
You can begin with a [Discovery](https://stepik.org/course/4261/promo#toc) course if you have never programmed before, 
move on to the [Intro to Web Development](https://education.launchcode.org/intro-to-professional-web-dev/) which teaches you the basics of programming in JavaScript 
and conclude with the [C# Web Development](https://education.launchcode.org/csharp-web-development/) course. 
While these courses teach web development they also teach you the basics of programming that you will need along the way.
There is even a [Liftoff](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/) course you can follow along with after learning Xamarin Forms to build your own project and practice your skills.

- Xamarin University is no more, but their C# course is still available on YouTube along with exercises on [GitHub](https://github.com/XamarinUniversity).
The C# introduction course lessons are in the [Xamarin C# Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLq-muhRbo9by_BBIHIsH9wsfwO7tc469x) playlist.

- Bob Tabor's ever evolving yet still classic course, [C# Fundamentals for Absolute Beginners](https://channel9.msdn.com/Series/CSharp-Fundamentals-for-Absolute-Beginners), is available on Channel 9.

If you have programmed in C# but are new to Xamarin, try one of these options:

- The Xamarin University course on Xamarin Forms is also still available on YouTube along with exercises on [GitHub](https://github.com/XamarinUniversity).
Those course lessons are in the [Xamarin Forms Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLq-muhRbo9bwTS9bgshpcs90oGYtzdaeT) playlist.

- Microsoft Learn has created a [learning path](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/browse/?expanded=dotnet&products=xamarin&resource_type=learning%20path) for Xamarin Forms.

An ongoing wealth of growing information is also available at [Awesome Xamarin Forms](https://github.com/jsuarezruiz/awesome-xamarin-forms).
